[IMP] sales: updated deadline doc for 16 (#5438)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/deadline.rst

on a good deal. As well, deadlines also can also act as protection for a company in case an order
has to be fulfilled at a price that is no longer profitable for the business.

Quotation expiration
====================

In Odoo *Sales*, there's the option to add an expiration date to a quotation.

To add an expiration date to a quotation, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app`, and select a
desired quotation, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

On the quotation form, click the :guilabel:`Expiration` field to reveal a pop-up calendar. From this
pop-up calendar, select the desired month and date as the expiration date for the quotation.

.. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-expiration-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The expiration field on a standard quotation form in Odoo Sales.

.. tip::
   By clicking the :guilabel:`Preview` button on a quotation, Odoo clearly displays when that

>    specific offer expires. As a reminder, the number of days is the same as those mentioned in the
>    quotation template (if a quotation template was used for the initial quotation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   specific offer expires. As a reminder, the expiration date is the same as those mentioned in the
   quotation template (if a quotation template was used for the initial quotation).
```
I know the quotation template lets you set the expiration date out by a specific number of days, but I was only able to get the preview to show the "This offer expires on" field with the expiration date, and not in a "in X amount of days". I am not sure if I am doing something wrong (I thought you could have it read by amount of days but I could be mistaken)

Author: I just double-checked, and you are totally right. It only shows the specific date, *not* the number of days. Thanks for catching this!

   .. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-preview.png
      :align: center
      :alt: How customers will see deadlines on Odoo Sales.

Quotation template expiration
=============================

The Odoo *Sales* application also makes it possible to add a deadline expiration date to quotation
templates.

> To add a deadline to a quotation template, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a deadline expiration date to a quotation template, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration
```

--> Quotation Templates`, and either select the desired quotation template to which a deadline
should be added, or click :guilabel:`New` to build a new quotation template from scratch.

On the quotation template form, add a specific number of days to the :guilabel:`Quotation expires
after` field, located beneath the quotation template name. The number of days represents how long
the quotation will be valid for, before it expires.

.. image:: deadline/quotation-deadlines-expires-after.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The quotation expires after field on a quotation template form in Odoo Sales.

> Then, whenever that specific quotation template is used in a quote, its associated deadline is
> automatically applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, whenever that specific quotation template is used in a quote, an expiration date is automatically calculated based on the number of days designated above. However, this date can be overwritten before sending the quotation to the customer.
```
